/*
Notes: from class.
color and font attributes cascade down.
geometry attributes do not.
block: use div -- div's fill the whole width.
inline: use span - like text, etc. can change stuff inline.

images -- also inline.  but they sit on the text baseline.  So instead put your
images in a div, then they don't get the text's formatting and margins.

positioning:
golden rule: width + padding + border + margin = parent.width

classes in css: .classname
.reveal .progress,  --- this means progress that is a decendent of reveal.
.reveal .slides>section -- this means slides that is a decendent of reveal,
                           and section that is direct child of slides.
.reveal section -- means

new attribute text-shadow ....

look at www.csszengarden.com -- good example.

from outside in: margin, border, padding, element box.
offsetHeight = total height - margin.

margin is collapsed:  i.e. margin between two boxes is max(two margins)
padding is not: padding between two boxes = sum(two paddings)

difference between class and id?  There is only one id.  So use id for javascript
and use class for styling all the stuff in css.


to force css styling you can use doctype STRICT and it will force you.

Other ways to position:
float: originally used for pictures with text around it.  Clever and magical.

position: absolute; -- used to position absolutely. in pixels.

You can even try reading the CSS2 standard.

*/


----------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes on the Javascript class.

ECMA script

Use !! to force cast to boolean, because 0, undefined, null, NaN.. are all false.

Use === intead of == to avoid type conversion.

"with" is deprecated.

Google javascript looks more like C++ now.  It is used a more like an object oriented
language.

add "debugger;" keyword to add break point from code.

global variables:
shared by all scripts.  In strict mode it will complain about global variables.
To make something global, explicitly add "var x" outside of any functions,
or use window.x

What is chrome/java script interface.  DOM manipulation is usally done at the low
level.

Recommendation: JQuery is top of list.
